




JavaTM Secure Socket Extension (JSSE) 1.0.3


Copyright Notice

English:

Copyright © 2003 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

Sun Microsystems, Inc.  has intellectual property rights relating to technology
embodied in the product that is described in this document.

In particular, and without limitation, these intellectual property rights may
include one or more of the U.S.  patents listed at http://www.sun.com/patents
and one or more additional patents or pending patent applications in the U.S.
and in other countries.

This document and the product to which it pertains are distributed under
licenses restricting their use, copying, distribution, and decompilation.  No
part of the product or of this document may be reproduced in any form by any
means without prior written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.

Third-party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and licensed
from Sun suppliers.  The Java Secure Socket Extension (JSSE) product includes
code licensed from RSA Data Security.

Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Java and Java Secure Socket Extension are
trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.  in the U.S.  and
other countries.

DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE
DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY
INVALID.

Federal Acquisitions:  Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to
Standard License Terms and Conditions.



French:

Copyright © 2003 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054, Etats-Unis.  Tous droits rservs.

Sun Microsystems, Inc.  a les droits de proprit intellectuels relatants la
technologie incorpore dans le produit qui est dcrit dans ce document.  En
particulier, et sans la limitation, ces droits de proprit intellectuels peuvent
inclure un ou plus des brevets amricains numrs http://www.sun.com/patents et un
ou les brevets plus supplmentaires ou les applications de brevet en attente dans
les Etats - Unis et dans les autres pays.

Ce produit ou document est protg par un copyright et distribu avec des licences
qui en restreignent l'utilisation, la copie, la distribution, et la
dcompilation.  Aucune partie de ce produit ou document ne peut tre reproduite
sous aucune forme, parquelque moyen que ce soit, sans l'autorisation pralable et
crite de Sun et de ses bailleurs de licence, s'il y ena.

Le logiciel dtenu par des tiers, et qui comprend la technologie relative aux
polices de caractres, est protg par un copyright et licenci par des fournisseurs
de Sun.  Le produit Java Secure Socket Extension (JSSE) comprend le logiciel
licenci par RSA Data Security.

Sun, Sun Microsystems, le logo Sun, Java et Java Secure Socket Extension sont
des marques de fabrique ou des marques dposes de Sun Microsystems, Inc.  aux
Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays.

LA DOCUMENTATION EST FOURNIE "EN L'TAT" ET TOUTES AUTRES CONDITIONS,
DECLARATIONS ET GARANTIES EXPRESSES OU TACITES SONT FORMELLEMENT EXCLUES, DANS
LA MESURE AUTORISEE PAR LA LOI APPLICABLE, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT TOUTE GARANTIE
IMPLICITE RELATIVE A LA QUALITE MARCHANDE, A L'APTITUDE A UNE UTILISATION
PARTICULIERE OU A L'ABSENCE DE CONTREFAON.
